PieChart: add a Getting Started tutorial (#3759)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/PieChart/00 Getting Started with PieChart/20 Configure Point Labels.md

You can accompany each series point with a label that displays the point's value or custom data.

To make point labels visible, assign **true** to the [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/).[label](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/).[visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#visible) property. With this configuration, the component displays point labels detached from their respective series points. To make the connection between labels and points visible, set the [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/).[connector](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/connector/).[visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/connector/#visible) property to **true**.

> The component displays labels besides the points. Change the [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/).[position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#position) property to rearrange labels in columns or place them inside series points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component displays labels next to points. Change the [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/).[position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#position) property to rearrange labels in columns or place them inside series points.
```

> If you need to change the point labels text, declare the [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/).[customizeText](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#customizeText) function. It must return a string value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to change the point's label text, declare the [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/).[customizeText](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#customizeText) function. It must return a string value.
```
